hey everyone and welcome back today I'm
going to be talking a little bit about a
trick that I don't know the name of but
I think it's called a like a universal
weave that's what I have had friends
call it when I do it I don't remember
where I saw it done but it's a very
prominent move in my kind of flow so
what I'm going to do is teach the trick
and I'm also going to have some slow
motion so you guys can really see how
the trick is done and let me know in the
comments below or by liking this video
to let me know if you guys like the slow
motion stuff and if it helps you because
if it does I can do more of a series
with all the slow motion stuff just to
kind of really help get moves down in
detail so the move is pretty simple
looking but it's kind of like a I think
it's a little illusion II it's what kind
of like an illusion trick but this is
what it is you can also bring it up high
or keep it really low so primarily what
it is is a but you have to know how to
backwards weave and then come forward
like that so what you're going to do is
spin the hoop coming backwards and then
do your backwards weave I'm going to do
it on this side actually so you guys can
see and then when you come over onto
your left side you're going to turn palm
facing down in and when you turn in
you're not going to continue the weave
you're just going to push the hoop
through so it's going to come over your
pinky as you're turning and it's going
to be a little awkward it's going to
come over your pinky into the front of
your body and then you're back to this
position again so once again you're
coming backwards weave turning the left
over the pinky awkward switch over so
I'll do it from this angle so you can
kind of see that awkward motion again
backwards weave
turning over the pinky and then I'm
about right here palm facing up and then
I'm slipping around back to the weave so
the only part that's really kind of
difficult in this in my opinion is when
you're coming around to this awkward
side so you're pretty much going you're
pretty much doing a weave to the side
like this except you're coming forward
so it's a backwards weave but it's kind
of coming around so you're just weaving
backwards and spinning primarily keeping
a nice loose grip and if you want to
come up higher you just kind of swoop
over your head wherever you want so it
looks really cool you can add in a bunch
of different things I like to do and
jump through sometimes I like to just
come up like this after doing it so it's
a fun move and hopefully that helped you
if it didn't you have any questions
leave them down in the comments below
I'll be around to help and if you guys
do get it you should definitely make a
video response so I can see you guys
doing it because I love to see your
video responses they make me happy to
know that I can help thank you so much
for watching I hope this helped see you
guys next time bye
you